One flow.
1.2
Two channels.
1.3
Whether you're on a call or standing in the showroom, the logic of a Magppie pitch never changes.
2.1
Eight stages.
2.2
Open.
2.3
Discover.
2.4
Agitate the real problem.
2.5
Introduce the solution.
2.6
Go deep on the product.
2.7
Qualify the budget — before any number.
2.8
Price with confidence.
2.9
And close on a concrete next step.
3.1
The opening earns two minutes: introduce yourself, confirm it's a good time — then pause.
3.2
Genuinely pause.
3.3
Then discover three things: their city, for serviceability.
3.4
Own home or investment, for budget context.
3.5
And whether a designer is involved, for coordination.
4.1
Then the truth most customers have never heard: most regular wooden kitchens have hidden issues — termites, mould, sagging.
4.2
And the one nobody can see: formaldehyde gas from plywood and MDF.
4.3
The World Health Organisation says formaldehyde can be very harmful for your health — reports link it to cancer.
4.4
Deliver that slowly.
4.5
It matters.
5.1
Never quote before qualifying.
5.2
Ask: are you looking at a premium wellness solution, or comparing with basic carpentry?
5.3
Magppie is not in the carpentry segment — say it kindly, and say it early.
6.1
Then the range: eighty-four hundred to ten thousand eight hundred rupees per square foot, by finish.
6.2
A ten-by-ten kitchen typically lands between twelve and fifteen lakhs.
6.3
Check alignment — does this range fit what you're considering?
6.4
— then close on the layout: share your kitchen layout, and we'll prepare a customised estimate on WhatsApp.
7.1
In the showroom the same logic wears different clothes: re-qualify the visitor, reframe the category, walk the material science live, justify the premium, frame the fifteen-year value — then pricing, terms, and closure intent.
8.1
Your notes.
8.2
One — eight stages: open, discover, agitate, solution, deep dive, budget, price, next step.
8.3
Two — qualify the budget before any number: Magppie is not in the carpentry segment.
8.4
Three — the range is eighty-four hundred to ten thousand eight hundred per square foot.
8.5
Four — always close on the layout: customised estimate on WhatsApp.
9.1
Same flow, every channel.
9.2
Take the quiz.